DOCS-3417: Add sample code to Create a Web App (#4130)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/control/web-app.md

### Example usage

> {{< expand "Example camera and sensor code" >}}

Reviewer: I don't think this should be in an expander. It's too easy to miss

Reviewer: I like how the Flutter app page works for that better

> The following files are an example of a simple TypeScript web app that connects to a machine and displays the latestimage from the machine's camera, and the latest sensor readings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following files are an example of a TypeScript web app that connects to a machine and displays the latest image from the machine's camera, and the latest sensor readings.
```

{{<imgproc src="/operate/ts-dashboard.png" resize="x1100" declaredimensions=true alt="A web browser displaying a dashboard with a camera feed and sensor readings." style="max-width:500px" class="imgzoom" >}}

> <file>main.ts</file>:

Reviewer: A common pattern with web dev is to put these three files in tabs. We could do that here to preserve space

}

div {
  background-color: rgb(218, 220, 221);
}

#main {
  max-width: 1200px auto;
  margin: 10px 10px auto;
  padding: 20px;
}

img {
  max-width: 100%;
  height: auto;
}

button#refresh-button {
  padding: 10px 20px;
  font-size: 16px;
  background-color: #007bff;
  color: white;
  border: none;
  border-radius: 4px;
  cursor: pointer;
}

button#refresh-button:hover {
  background-color: #0056b3;
}
```

<file>package.json</file>:

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
  "name": "my-ts-dashboard",
  "description": "A dashboard for getting an image from a machine.",
  "scripts": {
    "start": "esbuild ./main.ts --bundle --outfile=static/main.js --servedir=static --format=esm",
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },
  "author": "<YOUR NAME>",
  "license": "ISC",
  "devDependencies": {
    "esbuild": "*"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@viamrobotics/sdk": "^0.38.0",
    "bson": "^6.10.0"
  }
}
```

{{< /expand >}}

<br>

For an example using Vite to connect to a machine, see [Viam's vanilla TypeScript quickstart example on GitHub](https://github.com/viamrobotics/viam-typescript-sdk/tree/main/examples/vanilla).

> The following tutorial uses the Viam TypeScript SDK to query data that has been uploaded to the Viam cloud from a sensor, and display it in a web dashboard.

Reviewer: I think this looks a bit odd here.  It takes up more space than the expander

Reviewer: yep
